Troubleshooting guides update (#11991)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/troubleshooting/apix-04-dns-mgt-resource-ignored.md

## Symptom

> If you have a non-Gardener cluster, the DNSProvider or DNSEntry CR you created are ignored by the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a non-Gardener cluster, the DNS Provider or DNS Entry CR you created are ignored by the controller.
```

Reviewer: ^ You write it with space in other docs. Whatever option you decide on, please make it consistent in all the docs.
